docs: add docs and code showing how to build xudt info (#17)
ckb-cell/unique-cell: README.md

...

```

> **Notice: The format is NOT a key-value structure.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notice: The xUDT information format is NOT a key-value structure.**
```

> You can find code on how to construct the data in `generator-example/src/lumos.ts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the code about how to construct the xUDT information data in `generator-example/src/lumos.ts`
```
